# XcodeLogParser

**Version:** 0.1.0

**Maintainer:** [Svyatoslav Sporyhin](mailto:svyat1996@gmail.com)

## Overview

XcodeLogParser is a Rust library designed to parse logs generated by Xcode, extract task-related information, and analyze warnings. This tool can be used to streamline the process of handling log files from Xcode, making it easier to identify and manage tasks and warnings.

## Features

- **Log Parsing:** Parse log files generated by Xcode to extract relevant information.
- **Task Extraction:** Extract task-related data embedded within the log messages.
- **Warning Analysis:** Analyze warning messages within the logs to provide actionable insights.
- **JSON Parsing:** Handle JSON data within log messages to extract detailed task information.

## Installation

Add the following to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
regex = "1"
serde = "1"
serde_derive = "1"
serde_json = "1"
```

## Usage

XcodeLogParser provides several key components:

- **LogFile:** Represents a log file with an absolute path and an optional code fragment.
- **CodeFragment:** Represents a fragment of code with line and column information, and optional task information.
- **Message:** Represents different types of task information.
- **MyWarning:** Represents a warning message with a summary and queue.
- **RegexParse Trait:** Defines methods for parsing strings using regular expressions.
- **TaskMessage Trait:** Represents a task message with methods for retrieving task details.

## Example

To use XcodeLogParser, create a `LogFile` instance and use the `new_from_regex` method to parse a log string. Extracted information includes the absolute path, code fragment details, and task messages.
## Testing

To run tests for this library, use the following command:

```sh
cargo test
```
### Example Tests

- **Missing Queue:** Tests parsing a log file where the `queue` field is missing from the JSON.
- **Missing Delimiters:** Tests parsing a log file where the `s##s` delimiters are missing from the JSON.
- **Missing Warning Keyword:** Tests parsing a log file where the `warning` keyword is missing.
- **Incorrect Formatting:** Tests parsing a log file with incorrect warning formatting.
- **Incorrect Format:** Tests parsing a log file with an incorrect format.
- **Success Without Delimiters:** Tests parsing a log file where `s##s` delimiters are missing.
- **Success With Empty Delimiters:** Tests parsing a log file where `s##s` delimiters are empty.
- **Valid Log:** Tests successful parsing of a valid log file.
- **Invalid Format:** Tests parsing a log file with an invalid format.
## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.